[Music]
okay so the first phone that's come out
with the new
snapdragon 8 chipset is this guy here
the xiaomi
me 11 but because this phone is an
exclusive to
asia right now i'm not going to focus
too much on this particular phone
i'm gonna go through some of the more
interesting features but i want to focus
this video
more on the snapdragon triple eight
itself
just mostly the features that qualcomm
was talking about i kind of like hyping
up during their presentation
of the snapdragon triple eight
particularly the camera stuff
so yeah this phone itself uh there's
two or three things that really jump out
of me number one the screen this is
an amazing like truly amazing screen
it's awesome to see this kind of screen
in a 600 650
phone 1440p 120 hertz very responsive
it's bright
it's colorful it's a really nice screen
uh the other thing that really jumped
out at me was the speaker array so the
me phones have always had
good speakers and this is just it's on
another level like it's weird how much
better these are than a lot of
north american phones like i think one
of the big things they put
like a speaker aperture cutout at the
top frame so it's just like
you're just getting a really good audio
experience
the other thing is battery life this is
a 4600 milliamp hour battery
it's not huge it's big but because of
the snapdragon triple eight and because
it's a five nanometer fabrication
i was hopeful that it would be able to
deliver a way better
battery experience than previous
generations of phones it doesn't like
it's good like this is a six six and a
half hour screen on time for me
it's just that it didn't seem as it
didn't seem significant from previous
you know seven nanometer chips so and
this is just the first one maybe other
snapdragon triple eight equipped phones
will be able to deliver something
different
but i tested it several times i'm
getting good but somewhat expected
battery life now the camera system is a
triple camera system they got a wide
and ultra wide and a 5 megapixel macro
we all love those macros right so this
is where
my interest was kind of focused on on
this particular phone
uh during the snapdragon triple eight
announcement they mentioned
well they really focused on camera
improvements right that was the whole
thing this year
they mentioned the inclusion of a new
triple isp so
a triple image signal processing
capability where you're basically taking
three photos at at once right and
combining that data into something
that's
better and more usable now this camera
system technically has three sensors and
three lenses but i don't know if it's
taking advantage
of all three because there's only two
cameras that are of significant
value like that five megapixel macro is
probably not
amazing but i just wanted to see what
does this new
camera technology with snapdragon 8
deliver right because this is the same
sensor we've seen in xiaomi's phones
so i wanted to see if i could spot the
difference between the image processing
on the snapdragon triple h and the
previous generation
some of the photos are really good on
the mi 11 but the difference
is not as big as i was hoping it would
be so the main sensor shoots
incredibly well but the ultrawide still
lags behind like you can tell
when it switches over to that ultrawide
sensor there is a
significant drop in image quality but
there was one feature i was particularly
interested in seeing uh implemented in
these phones
so during the qualcomm presentation of
snapdragon 8
they mentioned the capability for phones
and phone manufacturers to be able to
switch
uh focal lens fluidly so on the iphone
when you switch between like the wide
and the ultrawide
sensor there's this kind of stitching
of images so it's a very fluid motion
you'll tap between the two different
lenses
and it'll smoothly transition between
those two lenses as if you're just
adjusting a zoom ring on a regular
camera lens there's this
smooth and fluid motion but on most
android phones that's just not a thing
you want to switch
between your focal lengths there's like
a bit of a stutter between them right
during the presentation qualcomm said
that that would be
a feature that the new triple eight
equipped phones would be able to do
this phone can't do it i don't know if
it's like an implementation that
uh xiaomi hasn't put in yet but i just
expected it and it's not there
the mi 11 shoots really well in low
light conditions but it didn't feel like
a huge step
up from 2020 xiaomi phones now there is
one feature
that didn't exist without the snapdragon
triple eight it's
the ability to record low light video
with
ai enhancements so they're working with
i think the company's called blink ai
but they're tapping in
to the snapdragon triple eight and
they're able to shoot low light video
with some significant enhancements
you do lose some detail right but you do
get a significantly brighter image in
that video
as well as more accurate colors now
this type of feature isn't useful for
everybody right not everyone
cares about low light video recording
but i do think
it's something that the snapdragon plate
is doing that couldn't be done
before but my overall take on the chip
is that it's good but
like there's a part of me that was
hopeful of i guess like more significant
improvements i mean processing speed and
graphical performance
isn't that big to me right and they're
so good already that the year-on-year
improvements in those elements
are expected and they seemingly dumped
the charging
cable and charging brick kind of like
apple did but they do offer free ones if
you want them at least in asia right now
but i was hopeful for a much bigger jump
in camera capabilities just through the
chipset itself but at least on this
phone it seemed
not as big as i was hoping it to be but
the phone itself
otherwise it's great if this is your
type of phone you're probably gonna love
it and the under display heart rate
sensor
is pretty cool but the snapdragon 8 i
got to be honest there's a part of me
that feels like qualcomm's getting
too comfortable at the top without
enough competition and it's easy to get
complacent up there
i want to see competition i want to see
google's custom soc
and more importantly i want to see what
samsung brings
in a couple days the exynos announcement
if you think about it if you think about
what samsung's doing here
this is the first time they've had an
announcement for a chip in a while right
and it's not just to promote
the new s21 and those new phones it's to
promote the chip
because hopefully the new exynos chip is
so good
that other companies start using it they
want to sell these chips to
other phone manufacturers it feels like
qualcomm has a huge
foothold in the android market space
with
like everyone uses their chip right
almost everyone
and to have another player that's
competitive and with a huge company like
samsung backing it
excellence chips i want to see what they
delivered in a few
days okay but that's my take on
this phone and the snapdragon triple
eight so far hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time i had to rush this ending because
the sun is going down i feel like i'm
gonna lose
all the light in a moment